intro to typing (#62)
cosmology-api/cosmology-api: docs/quickstart.rst

Quick Start
===========

The Cosmology API is a collection of runtime-checkable Protocols that define the
interface of a cosmology object. The Protocols can be used to describe and build
functions that work with any compatible cosmology library (and any Array
libraries that cosmology library might support), without even having a single
cosmology library as a run-time dependency.

> If you didn't understand the previous paragraph, don't worry, the previous
> section -- :doc:`doc introducing Python's typing and Protocols </introduction>`
> -- explains the concepts in more detail. Alternatively, we hope the examples in
> this Quick Start are sufficient you can just jump right in.

Reviewer: I understand "section" to be a heading on a page, so I was confused for a second whether the "previous section" might have been accidentally deleted

```suggestion
If you didn't understand the previous paragraph, don't worry, the
:doc:`Introduction to Python Typing and Protocols </introduction>` explains the
concepts in more detail. Alternatively, we hope the examples in this Quick
Start are sufficient that you can just jump right in.
```

Author: I'l rephrase.
